>> Jem: We have taken this long journey
and gone through 80 slides, 90 slides.
We've gotten to this point now.
So now that I have a domain,
it is now pointed to an IP address.
But the bonus part is,
we understand how it works.
We understand how DNS works.
We understand that we
have a server running.
We understand how domains work.
And I know, it was a long step to get
from here to there, but we're here.
And now, we're gonna start speeding up
a little bit, getting a bit more exciting.
We're gonna make our server do things,
make it respond to commands.
So let's set up our server.
We did some minor setup before
just to get some basic work done.
Let's see,
I just wondered if there was no questions.
Someone says, what happens if
someone else points to my domain?
As the domain owner,
you are the authorized person.
So, in this case,
name sheep is the DNS server.
And they say I'm the only one
that has the ability to point
any records to this IP address for
just this domain.
So, as domain owner,
no one else can take over my domain and
point it to something else.
Is everybody clear on that?
So anybody else can make their own server
and points their server to my domain.
But my domain is only gonna resolve to
one IP address, the one that I choose,
cuz I own it.
>> Speaker 2: Domains point out to the IP
addresses.
>> Jem: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: And it's not the other
way around.
>> Jem: Right, question?
>> Speaker 2: There's a question about
having two A records.
Wouldn't that mean that there's two
addresses pointing to the same IP?
>> Jem: Correct,
>> Jem: I'll explain it again.
So the first A record,
the www means when I go to www.jam.party
it's gonna resolve this domain.
The @ host means,
if I just go to jam.party
it's gonna resolve to this IP address,
so they'll both work.
And let's see if I can
pull up the one for,
where is jemyoung.com,
cuz I know I have subdomains on this one.
And, in this case, for
my subdomain blog.jemyoung.com,
I'm just using a CNAME record for that.
Because I don't need an A record because I
already have A records on that domain and
since it's a subdomain I just use a CNAME.
CNAME is quicker, easier, and it's just
the names entry, everybody understand?
So this why,
if you go to blog.jemyoung.com,
that resolves correctly.
>> Speaker 3: So what's the difference
between a CNAME and an A record?
>> Jem: They're just different
types of records.
>> Speaker 2: An A record points to
the IP Address.
The CNAME points to another domain name.
>> Jem: Exactly.
>> Speaker 3: Okay, all right.
>> Jem: So this will, we're getting,
this is a bit more advanced.
But, so my CNAME point.blog.jemyoung.com
will now point to jemyoung.com.
In NGINX, I see that the request is
coming in for blog.jemyoung.com.
And it's automatically gonna
direct to the appropriate routes.
And that's all done in NGINX,
but good question.